# Youtube video links:
https://youtu.be/G-8ZZo8lD8Y

# Ideas
* Financial form may not changes frequently
* With each form, we save the template and reuse
* Template generation should done manually but only the first time
* If we meet the form that already have template, just use it
# Process to make template
* Convert PDF -> img (pdf2img in python)
* Mark the position of field and blanks (openCV)
* Create template and save in JSON file (python)
* Ask user input for blank values (java GUI)
* write information to img (openCV)
* img -> PDF (img2pdf)

**For the form that already has template, just parse the JSON and ask for input**

**Checkbox and table are not handled in this version yet**


# First step to work:
- It should work well with linux ( but not windows or mac )

## Installation:
- Download [this](https://github.com/larycoder/OCR_pdf_auto_filling_form) repo to your localhost
- CLone [Tesseract](https://github.com/sirfz/tesserocr) to folder with name: tesserocr

## Requirements
###### #python
- Image processing
```
pip install img2pdf opencv matplotlib numpy pdf2img
```
- Handle object storing user properties
```
pip install json
```
## Process to run:
- Put PDF financial form to root of repo.
- From terminal run:
```
./filePrepare $Name_of_PDF
```
file **filePrepare** has function to generate New folder in direction templates/ with the name is name of PDF file. In that folder will have many subfolder equal to 1 page PDF. As PDF file has many pages then each page will be convert to 1 image jpg and put to the subfolder mention above.

Now we need to create template for each Image that was generated by running:
```
python GetRecPos.py --image templates/PDF_dir/subPDF_dir/*.jpg --output templates/PDF_dir/subPDF_dir/*_rect_pos.txt
```
When running this life, you will recieve 1 form of image to navigate position of fields. First you navigate field of words then navigate blank to fill of that field. You can navigate by click on 1 point then move to the next point and click again. After done all navigation, press C to save and exit. 
Then you can go to **PDF_name_rect_pos.txt** to check all position with pair of line equal to position field and position blank.